# 1.)

The prison to me can be defined as an often invisible place where those who are deemed unfit for society are removed and sent to. Davis brings up the idea that the belief that one could never be a prisoner themselves, the prison becomes "an abstract site into which undesirables are deposited". Additionally Davis points out many people's interactions with the prison are based on dramatic interpretations in media and not actual experience. Therefore I say the prison is often an *invisible place* as it lives in many people's minds as a dramatized image meanwhile the physical prison and its internals go unseen. While the second part of my offered definition may align directly with the common sense idea that a prison is for wrongdoers, I believe that the key word is *deemed*. It is at the discretion of the governmental and capitalistic systems who is a wrongdoer and who is not, leading to a false sense of a concrete and just criteria. Davis' definition of the prison is important for any proceeding discussions about prison reformation or abolition. If one came into the discussion with only the understanding of say the prison as a physical location, much of the pertinent discussion around the unjust systemic forces that manifest in the "evildoers" who are sent to prison would fall on deaf ears. Therefore having a mutual understanding between Davis and the reader is necessary for further discussion.

# 4.)

When first approaching this chapter, I knew about many of the inconsistencies between what prisons claim to do and what often they are. However as the chapter progressed, I began to become more aware as Davis points out that the need for prisons goes almost entirely unchallenged by general society. I am persoanlly suprised at my self that even though I have spent time in civic classes and on my own time researching prison reform that I never seriously considered how neccessary it is to have prisons in society. I would say I am anti-capatilist and so I find it interesting that I could make the leap mentally to challenge the idea of a capatilist society yet not challenge the idea of having prisons in society. Additionally I think the idea raised about prison expansion being a geographical solution was something very interesting to read. It reminded me about the landscapes prisons take up in both the US and world. From my own prior research I looked into the Norwegian prison system and if you compare a prison such as Bastøy Prison to a California prison, Bastøy Prison's land region is utilized due to its remoteness almost exclusively while many California prisons are in rural regions because of the remoteness and their supposededly guranteed economic benefit they would provide. The deals the prisons would make with small land owners and residents that "guranteed" economic growth was something else I didn't know about prisons and I think further adds to the pile of evidence that prisons continually make promises to the public and fail to deliver almost always.
