# (2)

Davis's case studies serve to highlight how the prison is not an isolated system of oppression but instead plays a larger part in the continuation of anti-blackness from the era of slavery, strengthening her position as an abolitionist because the removal of prisons would be a significant step forward to gutting anti-blackness from the US. Contextualizing the prison industrial complex as something rooted in slavery and not an abnormality is important as it is a big component as to why we need to rethink our complicit belief in a system of punishment and incarceration. If prisons were something that developed independent of other historically oppressive systems, then much of the passiveness that. However, the prison is one with the law, and the law has always been a vehicle for anti-blackness. An example that Davis points out is the Black Codes. As said by Davis, "The new Black Codes proscribed a range of actions-such as vagrancy, absence from work, breach of job contracts, the possession of firearms, and insulting gestures or acts-that were criminalized only when the person charged was black." The Black Codes are just one example that are used to demonstrate the connection between the systems of anti-blackness and the prison, hence strengthening Davis's position that the prison is an obsolete institution and needs to be abolished.

# (4)
 
This chapter helped fill in a gap of my knowledge of oppression against prison convicts specifically in the context of labor. I was unaware about the steel and coal companies that took advantage of predominately black prisoner labor, leading to a feedback loop that kept prisoners behind bars and inflated prison terms. I think this has further expanded my understanding of slavery as prison labor is just an equivalent form of government sanctioned enslavement.
