---
title: Self-Assesment
---

My writing process for a long time was almost non-existent as a result of my insistent procrastination of the humanities. It wasn't until my junior year of high school where I had help from both my writing teacher and my father to connect my math sensibilities to the structure and process of writing. The task of writing a paper reads much like a long math problem. The first step to solving a problem is to understand the structure and to formulate a corresponding structure for the solution or proof. When approaching a long form essay, before writing a single word for the final essay I fully create a flushed out outline. The outline takes my individual arguments (akin to math formulas that are used in the process of a math problem) and links them with evidence while simultaneously creating an overarching structure. This outlining process has completely changed my attitude to writing as I was no longer sitting down and attempting to craft the words I would use for my actual essay but rather create the actual substance of the paper in a loose but organized manner. As a consequence my outlines are fairly long with each idea being on he verge of a paragraphed version of what will appear in the final paper. But the benefit I have found is that once I go to sit down and write, the exact phrasing and flow of ideas follows simply from the outline because it already had laid it all out. I expect in WR 60 to utilize this pattern often, but I also hope to engage in writing that is less structured. My central strategy of attacking a paper like a math problem can work well for argumentative or informative purposes, however there is an equal amount of substance to be found in writing that doesn't easily lend itself to that strategy. Ideally in the longer form writing we will do I can employ my prior approach to writing and implement arguments or evidence that themselves are less structured like a math equation.
